
		     Perl5 Metaconfig Units

	     Copyright (c) 1996-1998, Andy Dougherty
	     Copyright (c) 1999-2006, H.Merijn Brand
			All rights reserved.

These units are the ones used to build Configure and config_h.SH
in the Perl5 distribution.

metaconfig will first look in its standard locations (specified when you 
installed dist).  It will then recurse through the 'U' subdirectory
and find any additional "private" units.  Private units override
standard ones supplied with metaconfig.

Files in this directory:

README
    This file.

Glossary.patch
    The standard dist units contain some strings that make pod2man
    complain.  This patch silences those warnings.  As new units are
    added and Configure is regenerated, this patch may need more and more
    'fuzz' to be applied.  It should be freshly regenerated every once
    in a while. See also mkgloss.pl

ln-all.pl
    Re-generate the all/ folder

mkglossary
    A script to regenerate Porting/Glossary.  You have to manually
    edit the top of the script to point the location of your metaconfig 
    units.  It is called automatically by 'mksample'. See also mkgloss.pl

mkgloss.pl
    A perl script that calls U/mkglossary from the perl source tree, sorts
    the list of symbols, and applies the patch mentioned in Glossary.patch.
    When called on its own, redirect the output to a temporary file,  and
    compare that file to Porting/Glossary before applying.

mksample
    A script to regenerate Porting/config.sh and Porting/config.H.
    It also calls mkglossary, if necessary.

Subdirectories:

The units and other related files have been broken up into the following
directories.

a_dvisory/
    These are units that have to go first in the generated config_h.SH.
    A word of explanation:  Configure and config_h.SH are generated from 'Units'
    (the *.U files).  Files indicate dependencies (using make(1)), and 
    Configure is built to follow those dependencies.  However, config_h.SH
    is simply built by putting all the units in alphabetical order and
    extracting the relevant lines.  (This could be fixed, I suppose, but
    it wasn't trivial the one time I looked.)
    The a_dvisory/ directory, then, is a place to put units that need
    to be early in config_h.SH.  (Most units are self-contained
    and ought to be able to go anywhere.  However, some things, like 
    byteorder, need to have the #defines from multiarch available.)

acl/
    This is an old patch to begin to detect and use ACL (access
    control list) file protection schemes.

all/
    A folder that conveniently holds symbolic links to all the modules
    that are used to build the current Configure and config_h.SH.

compline/
    These are similar to the standard units, but I have modified them
    to have a more uniform compile command line, usually using the
    new Compile.U unit.  (The ccflags.U unit is perl-specific since it
    mentions -DDEBUGGING and -DPOSIX_SOURCE, but that's the only place
    it is perl-specific.)

dist_patches/
    These are patches to dist that must be applied before it is built
    and installed.  I have submitted these for inclusion in the
    regular dist distribution.  They have already been applied
    to the ../dist-3.0at70b directory. 

ebcdic/
    These are units that had to be specially modified to work under
    either EBCDIC or ASCII.

installdirs/
    These are units to handle perl's installation directories and
    related issues.

modified/
    These are modified versions of the standard units.  Also included in
    this directory are new units that are clearly derived from existing
    units.  I have submitted these for inclusion in the regular dist
    distribution.

nullified/
    These are null units that replace units in the standard
    distribution.  Typically they are there because some part of the
    perl source accidentally uses a symbol that metaconfig means we
    want the corresponding unit.

perl/
    These are specific to perl.  Some are heavily derived from
    original dist units, and are marked as such.  Others are original.

perl_patches/
    These are patches to the perl source.  This directory
    should ordinarily be empty, but there may have been drift between
    the standard version of perl and the one associated with these
    units.

protos/
    These are units modified to use the new Hasproto.U or Protochk.U
    units to check for prototypes.

threads/
    These are specific to threading perl.

typedefs/
    These are standard units modified to use the modified Typedef.U
    unit to check for typedefs.  (The modified Typdef.U includes a
    function to avoid unnecessary prompts if the typdef being searched
    for exists.)
 

Where appropriate, I submitted these units for inclusion into the
regular dist distribution.  However, since dist is no longer actively
maintained, and the alternative is for *me* to actively maintain it,
the units just sit here.

Copyright Information:

Unless otherwise indicated, the files contained in this
distribution are:

    Copyright (c) 1996-1998, Andy Dougherty

The following licensing terms apply to all files contained in
this distribution:

You may distribute the files contained in this distribution
under the terms of either

    a) the "Artistic License" which comes with Perl, or

    b) the "Artistic License" which comes with dist, or

    c) the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
    Software Foundation; either version 1, or (at your option) any
    later version (see the file "Copying" that comes with the
    Perl distribution).

Which one to use is your choice.

The units in the "modified" directory have been derived from units
associated with the metaconfig program of Raphael Manfredi's "dist"
distribution.  These units list Raphael Manfredi as the Copyright holder.
dist is distributed under a modified version of the Perl Artistic License.
Clause 7 of this modified license as contained in dist-3.0-pl60 provides:

    7. You may reuse parts of this Package in your own programs, provided
    that you explicitly state where you got them from, in the source code
    (and, left to your courtesy, in the documentation), duplicating
    all the associated copyright notices and disclaimers. Besides
    your changes, if any, must be clearly marked as such. Parts reused
    that way will no longer fall under this license if, and only if,
    the name of your program(s) have no immediate connection with the
    name of the Package itself or its associated programs.  You may then
    apply whatever restrictions you wish on the reused parts or choose
    to place them in the Public Domain--this will apply only within the
    context of your package.

In accordance with this clause, the versions of these units
contained here are made available under the same terms as the
rest of the units.

If you have any questions about the use of these units or about
the differences between these units and the standard versions, please
feel free to ask.

    Andy Dougherty			doughera@lafayette.edu
    Dept. of Physics
    Lafayette College
    Easton, PA  18042-1782
